[introduction] update with Sofa Robotics changes (#61)
SofaComplianceRobotics/Emio.CoreAssets: labs/introduction/sections/3_letstryemio.md

|![](assets/data/images/play-pause-buttons.png){width="30%" class="center"}|
|:------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|                 **Play / Pause, Step, and Reload buttons**                        |

> Once you're ready, select the *Live Control* workbench and toggle the *Simulation / Robot* button, which is above the *Play* button, to connect and send 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you're ready, check that you are in the *Live Control* workbench and toggle the *Simulation / Robot* button, which is above the *Play* button, to connect and send 
```
